Use Assembly.GetType instead of Type.GetType to avoid TypeResolve event in AppDomain-isolated hosts (#6025)
Azure/azure-cosmos-dotnet-v3: changelog.md

#### Bugs Fixed

> - [6024](https://github.com/Azure/azure-cosmos-dotnet-v3/issues/6024) Fixed `RemotingException` in AppDomain-isolated test hosts by replacing `Type.GetType` with `Assembly.GetType` in `CosmosHttpClientCore.CreateHttpClientHandler` and `CreateSocketsHttpHandlerHelper`. `Type.GetType` fires `AppDomain.TypeResolve` when the type is not found on .NET Framework, which crashes if cross-domain `MarshalByRefObject` proxies have expired leases.

Reviewer: we usually put the PR link that fixes the issue, so we should update it. 
```suggestion
- [6025](https://github.com/Azure/azure-cosmos-dotnet-v3/pull/6025) Fixed `RemotingException` in AppDomain-isolated test hosts by replacing `Type.GetType` with `Assembly.GetType` in `CosmosHttpClientCore.CreateHttpClientHandler` and `CreateSocketsHttpHandlerHelper`. `Type.GetType` fires `AppDomain.TypeResolve` when the type is not found on .NET Framework, which crashes if cross-domain `MarshalByRefObject` proxies have expired leases.
```

Author: Fixed
